today I'm gonna shoot some video of some
singer sewing machines these are brand
new made here somewhere in the
Philippines or Asia here this is a brand
new Singer sewing machine pedal operated
only so there's no electric here okay
the price is eight thousand nine hundred
and ninety six pesos so I want to show
you this if you've never seen one and
you're collecting these in America I
guess you can probably get parts here so
this is like the cabinet that my mother
used to have and I find it really
amazing that people are collecting these
in America as antiques and they're still
making them here I'm going to go
downtown and show you some people who
are using these here I wanted to come in
and shoot some video of the machines
that are here in one of the shops here's
one of the old singer pedal that we
talked about before and a man
cutting up pieces over there he's got
his fan working we have a key machine we
have people working here and the
different machines another Singer sewing
machine back there another gentleman
working back there thank you so much
thank you
Salameh I'm here at Fairchild tailoring
downtown and I was going to show you
some machines down here but the man told
me I couldn't video the machines so I
won't video the machine so you'll just
have to take it from me that he has
machines here the pedal kind and when
somebody says no I can't do it I can't
do it so too bad but we will use this
video the way that it is